special-courses/Industrial-development/notes_id3-4.md, before:

### agnoster

[this is guide to nicer theme instalation](https://medium.com/@genealabs/agnoster-theme-on-os-x-391d60effaf6)

It is possible that it is nessesery to state `antigen theme https://github.com/agnoster/agnoster-zsh-theme agnoster
` too in `.zshrc`. Did not work without that in my case.

### some tmux goodies:

```
C-& -- kill window (apperently this shit kills all tmux)
C-c - closes tab

```

[cheat list for tmux](https://gist.github.com/MohamedAlaa/2961058)

Some picks:

~~~
PREFIX : resize-pane -D (Resizes the current pane down)
PREFIX : resize-pane -U (Resizes the current pane upward)
PREFIX : resize-pane -L (Resizes the current pane left)
PREFIX : resize-pane -R (Resizes the current pane right)
PREFIX : resize-pane -D 20 (Resizes the current pane down by 20 cells)
PREFIX : resize-pane -U 20 (Resizes the current pane upward by 20 cells)
PREFIX : resize-pane -L 20 (Resizes the current pane left by 20 cells)
PREFIX : resize-pane -R 20 (Resizes the current pane right by 20 cells)
PREFIX : resize-pane -t 2 20 (Resizes the pane with the id of 2 down by 20 cells)
PREFIX : resize-pane -t -L 20 (Resizes the pane with the id of 2 left by 20 cells)
~~~

Commit message:

Notes on `gss + git setup + git ignore` added
gss + git setup + git ignore

special-courses/Industrial-development/notes_id3-4.md, after:

### git and git-extras

```
gss (git show --short) -- nise command to show status in a pleasent way
    shows:
>gss              
  A  .gitignore -- this file is added
  AM README.md  --  this file is added and modified
  ?? CONTRIBUTING.md  -- this file is untracked

git setup -- creates git repo and makes commit

git ignore <thing> -- adds to .gitignore <thing> (NOTE: git ignore c++ does not add to .gitignore c++ gitignore с++ template)
```

### agnoster

[this is guide to nicer theme instalation](https://medium.com/@genealabs/agnoster-theme-on-os-x-391d60effaf6)

It is possible that it is nessesery to state `antigen theme https://github.com/agnoster/agnoster-zsh-theme agnoster
` too in `.zshrc`. Did not work without that in my case.

### some tmux goodies:

```
C-& -- kill window (apperently this shit kills all tmux)
C-c - closes tab

```

[cheat list for tmux](https://gist.github.com/MohamedAlaa/2961058)

Some picks:

~~~
PREFIX : resize-pane -D (Resizes the current pane down)
PREFIX : resize-pane -U (Resizes the current pane upward)
PREFIX : resize-pane -L (Resizes the current pane left)
PREFIX : resize-pane -R (Resizes the current pane right)
PREFIX : resize-pane -D 20 (Resizes the current pane down by 20 cells)
PREFIX : resize-pane -U 20 (Resizes the current pane upward by 20 cells)
PREFIX : resize-pane -L 20 (Resizes the current pane left by 20 cells)
PREFIX : resize-pane -R 20 (Resizes the current pane right by 20 cells)
PREFIX : resize-pane -t 2 20 (Resizes the pane with the id of 2 down by 20 cells)
PREFIX : resize-pane -t -L 20 (Resizes the pane with the id of 2 left by 20 cells)
~~~
